Seen the Son of Heaven
Great, Grand Master Qin, you are finally here
Grand Master Qin Dazhou Imperial Preceptor is too good
It is said that Grand Master Qin has lived for more than 200 years
Is a real fairy
Yang Fan, I think you are not dead this time
Jedi mortals dare to make trouble
All straight women
I can't see through
This fellow Taoist
Shinai Tianzhou Jinguang Cave disciple
Qin Shi didn't know where his friend came from
You don't deserve to know
Let you take the lead
Boldness owes you three points
You really think of yourself as a fairy
I don't look like you can match a sword
Now stop talking nonsense with him
Kill them! Taishi Qin
They humiliated the emperor and forced the nine daughters
Qin Taishi wants to make decisions for us
You are from Jinguangdong
Not bad. Golden Light Cave protects the Great Zhou Dynasty
I want to wait for the speed to kneel down and beg for mercy
Yang Fan, do you really think I would be afraid of you?
I am the orthodox of the road
Asylum with national humiliation
You are against me
Is against the Tao of Heaven
Yang Fan, you trash who only relies on women
If you have the ability to stand up behind a woman, that's right
Mengyu Bailing
And this fairy aunt
Yang Fan, if you have the guts, don't let Immortal Aunt do it!
Fruit wisdom
As expected of King Qi
Force him to shoot
Yang Fan doesn't need to pay attention to him.
This is how they provoke
Our dishes
You talk to each other first
Don't be ok
No fairy aunt to help
I see how you die